[Music]
in the car
we're all going no you I said we're all
going
you do want thing to do that husband
survival 64 cowboy
[Applause]
[Music]
you're no war allow me to read Deus
myself my name is oh there's two of them
a two billion dollars worth of us if the
three of us don't work together billions
of people will die
your sisters one of the toughest baddest
most capable women I've ever encountered
no one could know what kind of girl I
see will you do it you think I'm stupid
of course I think you're stupid
[Music]
nice
never claimed to have wings on
[Music]
we're gonna need cars and guns oh I can
handle that part
I'm sorry to bring this here mama Luke
this is your home go and let cool you're
gonna get one style more an ass whoopee
I'm Superman
there comes a Crips about that my yeah I
keep stop this is no good we're going
for a ride
movie directors welcome my Island mother
allow me to reduce myself my name is
[Music]